What the hell? Watch it!
You're gonna get killed!
OK.
Amir. where are you?
You missed our meet.
I'm--I'm coming to you.
They got Amir.
The Forbidden Eye.
they see everything.
I have to go dark. my love.
Impressive.
You're way ahead of me.
Then again. you had
a head start. so--
So what do you think
you know?
There is a mole
inside New York Station.
selling or trading intelligence
from inside the office
and bringing it to Pyramid.
Pretty good.
But Pyramid is
just the middleman.
They sell
the stolen intelligence
to any rogue nation
or terrorist
looking to wreak havoc.
Yeah.
I assume Nikki knows
all this?
Nikki has asked me
to drop this.
As far as she's concerned.
I have.
Who is Sarah?
Your girlfriend.
mark. asset. what?
Sarah works at Pyramid.
But she works in a department
that hands out
microloans to people
in foreign countries.
Right.
But she's clean?
She is. yeah.
I just needed her access.
You know. her key card.
her log-ins.
so I could plug this
into their server.
This is what Kinski made
for me.
It sucked out whatever it could
from the other side
of Pyramid's business--
the dark side.
And I believe
that Toni was onto it.
All of it.
She--she was gonna expose them.
and so someone at Pyramid
killed her for it.
All right.
So we know. or believe we know.
the what and how. not the who.
I'm hoping
that there's a name on here.
but it's all encrypted.
of course.
I can take it
to Ian Lim at 26 Fed.
You trust him?
I do.
Your call. partner.
Max is finally asleep.
How many chapters
did it take this time?
I lost count.
Here.
- Thank you.
- Cheers.
Cheers.
OK. I am officially
suspending the rule.
Work talk allowed.
one night only.
What's going on?
They put me on leave.
There was a break-in.
Cameras didn't catch the guy's
face.
but he used my key card.
Must have dropped it somewhere.
I don't know.
Well. was anything taken?
A bottle of scotch
off my boss's desk.
That's it.
Well. I'm sure
it'll all blow over.
I don't know.
I can't lose my job.
My health insurance.
Max's insulin. and--
and Paul's behind
on child support.
I just--
- OK. Sarah. Sarah. look at me.
Do you know what I do
when I'm feeling stressed
and everything's
getting on top?
Hmm.
I take the deepest breath
I can.
and I just let it all out.
Come on. do it with me.
Deepest breath you can.
And drop your shoulders.
There we go.
Is that any better?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Will you stay tonight?
I'm not going anywhere.
Oh. Colin.
I came as soon as I could.
Oh. you're too thin.
State Department's
working you too hard.
Something like that.
So what did you want
to show me?
Yes. Right in here.
They got Amir.
The Forbidden Eye.
they see everything.
I have to go dark. my love.
And then he didn't
come home last night.
My Sandy always comes home.
Has he ever mentioned
an Amir to you?
Maybe someone
from the State Department?
He worked there
for so many years.
What about the Forbidden Eye?
Well. I was hoping
you'd tell me.
Has he--has he said
anything else?
Anything that seems off?
He hasn't been himself
for several months now.
He's paranoid.
He thinks
people are following him.
I just figured he was restless
since he retired
from the State Department.
but then he--
he started saying things.
What things. Anne?
"If anything ever happens
to me. call Colin Glass."
Anne. I'm gonna find him. OK?
You have my word.
He's going to be OK.
Despite what his wife believes.
Sandy Harrison is ex-CIA.
highly decorated.
Station Chief in Lagos. Beirut.
Vienna. Moscow. Tripoli.
Why so many postings?
Let's just say he had
a knack for making enemies.
Yeah. both outside
the building and in.
Were you one of them?
I mean. Sandy was
an acquired taste.
He was a great operative.
He was the best recruiter
I ever saw.
Man could turn anyone.
Sandy recruited you?
Yeah. he did.
as a matter of fact.
Zeeb. have we got anything yet
on the Forbidden Eye?
Unless you mean
an amusement park ride. nada.
Anne said
that he was imagining things.
paranoid delusions.
No. she never said delusions.
And the man worked
in espionage half his life.
Paranoia is
an occupational hazard.
It's tough to shake off.
Nikki. he could be
in genuine danger here.
Someone could be
settling a score.
Or he could have gone
for a walk and gotten lost
and is gonna be home
for dinner.
Sandy gave us 45 years.
We can give him one day.
OK. run it down.
But if it's a dead end.
I need you back here.
OK.
The phone that Sandy used
to call Anne.
it was probably a burner.
It was last pinged
at an apartment building
in Queens.
Any residents there
named Amir?
Uh. yes.
A sublease of a sublease.
An Amir Al-Tobruk.
Libyan national.
Get me everything
you can on him.
And let's get NYPD
to put a detail on Anne.
If someone's after Sandy.
I want to make sure
she's protected.
How old were you
when Sandy recruited you?
22.
A young Colin Glass.
Now that's an image to conjure.
There was an unfortunate
Von Dutch stage.
The rest I'll leave
to your imagination.
This is it.
Ah.
Sandy was here.
How do you know?
See these scratches
on the lock?
Made by a feather pick.
They stopped teaching this
at the Farm
when the Berlin Wall fell.
but Sandy loved the classics.
No one's here.
You smell that?
Ammonia.
Smells like someone's had
a good cleanup in here.
Look at this.
- Spotless.
- Uh-huh.
But why only clean
half the window?
Yeah. something feels off.
There's one more thing
I want to try.
Sandy taught me that any spook
worth his salt
has an all-else-fails protocol.
It's a breadcrumb
for when you need to go dark.
The only people
who can find you are
the ones who know
where to look.
Hi.
Could you tell me where
your card catalog is. please?
Dewey decimal number?
Any lower tech and we'd be
un-scrolling a Torah.
Good one.
So you think this is
paranoid madness?
I think a man who hides
clues in the stacks
is either losing it or earned
the right to be careful.
Here.
O-V-E-R-L-A-T-E.
Over late.
Over late?
Sandy. Sandy. what are you
trying to tell us?
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Maybe we gotta go
top to bottom.
E-L-E-V-A-T-O-R.
Elevator.
Well. there isn't an elevator
in this building.
Oh. Bill. so literal.
A dumbwaiter.
OK. does this thing even work?
Empty.
So either your guy
has lost it or--
Or...
Who are you?
What did you do to Sandy?
We're looking for Sandy too.
We're CIA.
So am I.
Sandy talks
about you incessantly.
It's a little bit
intimidating. actually.
How do you know Sandy?
I'm Nora Ayad.
My father was one of Sandy's
assets in Tripoli.
He's--
it's just me now.
So Sandy exfiltrated you?
He's been training me
ever since.
He said I can go to the Farm
after I graduate.
SDRs. dead drops. lockpicking.
Yeah.
There's just one small
problem there. Nora.
Sandy is ex-agency now.
He's retired.
A long time ago.
That's--no.
No. Sandy is on an op
right now.
OK.
What's the op?
Someone's been targeting
his old Libyan assets.
Retribution for--
for working with him.
Is one of his assets
named Amir?
He didn't give names.
He just told me
to go to ground.
But I had to get the journal
because everything he has
on the people doing this
is in there.
And who are these people?
He just heard fragments.
A name he kept hearing.
Ayn al Haram.
Its Arabic for Forbidden Eye.
I'll call it in.
Kevin. please tell me
Counter Terror has something.
Nothing definitive.
but Ayn al Haram.
Forbidden Eye.
it could be aliases
for an emerging threat
out of Libya.
Hmm. Threat?
Like terror cell?
Or government-backed militia.
In Libya. the line is
largely decorative.
Either way.
they're ideological zealots
going after anyone
who's cooperated with the West.
How are they identifying
CIA assets.
let alone finding them?
There I have no answers.
Oh. well. that's a first.
We still don't have
any concrete evidence
that this thing is real.
But if it is. we need it
contained yesterday.
Got it.
OK. Nikki's on it.
We've got to go.
- All right.
No. let me come
to CIA with you.
I know Sandy. his patterns.
I can help you find him.
We'll handle this. Nora.
You lay low. and we'll call you
if we need you.
But we are gonna need
Sandy's journal.
Whatever you do.
just find him.
Yeah.
If I lose Sandy. I--
I know.
Me too.
Take care.
Deciphering these pages
has been challenging.
Half phrases. number lists.
unfinished drawings.
As an intelligence document.
it's--
- Unintelligible.
- Yeah.
OK.
Well. Sandy always dealt
in code. so--
like these numbers.
for example.
they could be tracking
asset movements
or they could be
financial transfers.
Well. here's a recipe
for chocolate babka.
Baking powder. huh?
Well. that doesn't--
actually. there's a bunch
of recipes here that call for
baking powder that shouldn't.
You think that's a code?
Could be an old man
making a mistake.
Sandy doesn't make mistakes.
Come on. Bill.
We're going shopping.
Colin. come on.
I'm not trying
to slow you down.
I'm just trying to make sure
that we're following the facts.
So am I.
Yeah. are you?
Because it feels like you've
decided that Sandy's right.
and you're building
the facts backwards.
No. Nikki. I've decided
our assets are dying.
and I need to figure out why.
Those are not our assets.
Those are civilians that
Sandy roped into off-book ops.
Are you going to tell me
what this is really about?
Because I know that Sandy isn't
your favorite person
in the world.
but is there another reason
that you are pushing
so hard for us to drop this?
You know.
there is an old saying.
"Spies don't die of old age.
Spies die"...
- Of paranoia.
Yeah. I know.
Bill.
Hey. could you just
please make sure--
I will.
So you're with
the State Department too?
No. Mrs. Harrison.
I'm actually with the FBI.
The FBI?
Colin. is there something
you haven't told me?
No. no. it's nothing
like that. Anne.
It's just that Bill's
really good at finding people.
Yeah. we just want to have
a quick look around.
Oh. make yourselves at home.
I'll be upstairs.
worrying myself to death.
OK.
- Yeah.
Is this the moment
we should tell Anne
the truth about his work?
It's not our truth to tell.
Maybe she knows already.
Well. Anne's sharp.
sharper than Sandy.
But I guess
when you love someone.
you're not really looking
for the lie.
How long has he been
lying to her?
Since 1974.
Yeah.
50 years ago. he made a choice.
I'm not gonna unmake it for him
because he's not in the room.
Here.
I can't imagine
living that way.
Sandy always said.
the lie is the kindness.
You live in the dark
so they don't have to.
- Must be exhausting.
- Yeah.
Hold on.
Baking powder.
I think this might be
Sandy's exit strategy.
OK.
Zeeb. any luck finding
an address for these keys?
The heavy key is an Abloy.
a Finnish lockmaker.
Mega secure. mega rare.
helps us narrow the search
a lot.
Rare enough to narrow
to a single location?
Well. the fob is a Pektron.
It's for parking lots.
And I checked
Sandy's financials
with every apartment complex
in the tristate area.
OK.
Punchline. please.
And I'm sending
the address to your phone.
Sandy?
Nora?
Hey. hey. hey.
Stay with me.
Help is on the way.
Hey. stay with me.
FBI. Don't--
FBI. don't move!
This is our
worst-case outcome.
We've lost two people
in 24 hours.
Let's take a moment.
The best way
to honor their sacrifice
is to stop these guys.
It might be time
for a relief pitcher.
Let Counter Terror take
the mound.
No chance. mate.
Look. you can still
be looking for your guy.
But this group he's after.
Ayn al Haram.
I mean. let us help.
Sandy is our only connection
to both victims and killers.
This op stays here.
That's the end of discussion.
Zeeb. any luck on facial rec
finding our shooter?
Yeah. we got nothing on CCTV.
I mean. the guy knew
where all the cameras were.
Whoever he is.
he'll be moving slower
with a bullet in his shoulder.
Yeah. but we still don't know
how he's finding these assets.
Well. we got Nora's phone.
and she kept
perfect digital hygiene--
VPNs. onion networks.
and. well.
all of her communications were
through the app ChannelVault.
What?
This is highly sensitive.
but since you're in the family.
a few months ago.
the DNI brokered
an agreement with ChannelVault.
They embedded a zero-day
vulnerability for us
to spy on encrypted chats.
We have a back door
into one of the world's
most secure messaging apps?
This is
the preferred platform
for terrorists.
cartel. hackers.
This back door has enabled us
to save lives.
thousands. maybe.
Well.
it could be someone
at ChannelVault sold
this back door to Ayn al Haram.
And helped them track
Nora and Amir.
Was Nora using ChannelVault
to communicate with Sandy?
The messages were coded.
but everything
that Nora told us
about her meets with Sandy.
I think it's him on
the other side of those chats.
If Sandy was
using ChannelVault.
we can use the back door
to locate him.
We'll send coordinates.
We're not the only ones
looking for Sandy.
Be careful.
Sandy sent his last
ChannelVault message
just around this turn.
I still can't believe
he's using that thing.
I keep thinking.
what if it wasn't someone
at ChannelVault who sold
the back door?
What if it was our mole?
Whoa. wait.
Don't move.
Laser trip wire.
Straight out
of the Sandy playbook.
Good eye.
Hey.
Sandy. lower the weapon.
Still using
the same stale spy tricks
from the Cold War. are we?
And you're still
stomping around the woods
like a Tyrannosaurus rex
who lost his soccer ball.
Who's this jerk?
Don't worry. he's my partner.
He's good.
OK. let's just put
the guns down. shall we.
before someone gets killed.
Thank you.
What is that sound?
Oh. that.
Come in.
I caught him
sneaking through the woods
with a suppressed rifle.
He's with Ayn al Haram.
I-I just know it.
No. I don't--
Well. I don't know
who he's with.
but he's on a different planet.
What have you done to him?
Well. he wouldn't talk.
I had to improvise.
LSD is a lot stronger
than it used to be.
LSD?
Well.
it's surprisingly effective.
I know you killed Amir.
Now. where is Nora?
What did you do with Nora?
Where is she?
- Sandy.
Sandy.
- What?
Why don't we let him
sleep it off?
We need to talk.
Come on.
Omar Al-Idri.
Last known placement was
Libyan National Army.
OK. well. even if he's
off the board.
Forbidden Eye must have
others in play.
Sandy gave Colin a list
of his other assets.
Should we--
- OK.
Get them in protective custody.
every single one of them. quietly.
She went fast.
She didn't suffer.
You know. it was
her first time on a plane
when I brought her over
from Tripoli.
All she wanted was
the window seat
so she could just--
Oh. God.
I should never have
let her do this--
work for me.
Well. from what I saw.
she was more than willing.
Colin. she was just a kid.
So was I.
And I didn't turn out
to be a complete disaster.
Well. the jury's still out.
Yeah. but with you. I--
I still had some discipline.
You know. at a certain point.
you get tired
of midnight dead drops
and two-hour SDRs.
and you get lazy and you--
you take shortcuts.
Sandy. there is no way
you could have known
about that back door
at ChannelVault.
He's up.
Who is the Forbidden Eye?
Have you gone mad?
Are they here in New York?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
The Forbidden Eye.
I don't. I don't.
Someone gives you
the names of your targets.
You don't just find them
on your own.
Who are the Forbidden Eye?
Ayn al Haram. who are they?
"Haram." "Haram."
Ayn al "Haram."
This can mean other things.
To my people. this translates
to "eye of the pyramid."
Pyramid Security?
I kept hearing
Ayn al Haram on chatter
and--and the intercepts.
And I thought it was.
you know. a terror cell
or a militia group.
but apparently.
they meant Pyramid Security.
And what do they have to do
with any of this?
Aren't they a consulting shop?
No. they've expanded
into intelligence.
espionage. some light treason.
But Pyramid's a middleman.
They collect stolen intel
from embedded moles.
then sell it
to the highest bidder.
In this case.
the highest bidder would be
Libyan militants looking
for vengeance on your assets.
Yeah. Omar may be
off the table.
but Pyramid is still
very much in play.
and so is the mole
leaking them intel.
Mm.
Well. so we're all looking
for the same person.
OK. good news.
That was Nikki.
They've grabbed
the rest of your assets
so the Libyans can't
get to them anymore.
All right.
Now let's go find the bastard
who sold them out.
I'm going to call Ian.
see where he's at
with the Pyramid files.
There was a time
when I would have caught this
before it all happened.
But now people have died.
My people.
Because I didn't see it.
Come on. let's go.
Sandy.
It's time to go home.
Go be with Anne.
We've got a protective detail
at the house.
We can let you know
when it's safe to surface.
And what do I tell Anne?
Is Sandy Harrison
really asking my advice?
Oh. I already regret it.
Colin--
- Sandy.
The lie is not the kindness.
It's the rot.
Tell Anne the truth. all of it.
before you lose the last
good thing in your life.
Yeah.
50 years.
What the hell is
she going to say?
I haven't the slightest clue.
But a wise man once told me
there's no such thing
as certain.
only percentages of probable.
You really were
paying attention.
Ian's ready.
I've got agents on their way
to handle Omar.
And. Sandy.
they'll escort you home.
We will find this mole.
and we will find
the people responsible
for killing your assets.
I know you will.
But just remember.
wins never feel
quite so good
as you think they will.
This job has a way
of making you pay for them.
Take care of each other.
Ian. what do you got?
A year of intelligence leaks
to Pyramid--
operative locations.
asset profiles.
But no names?
No.
Every one of these files
was compartmented.
No single CIA operative had
access to all of them.
Can you cross-reference
which operatives had
access to which files?
- Yep.
Also layering in
your entry and exit logs.
Colin's timeline for when
the assets were burned.
plus this latest leak selling
the ChannelVault's back door
to the Libyans.
That narrows us down
to three suspects.
Kevin Turner. Zeeb Orenstein.
Nikki Reynard.
Well. you can cross
Nikki off.
She checks every box
you asked for.
I like Nikki.
but you said it yourself.
she was trying to push us
off this case.
I was venting. Bill.
OK.
Well. what if we don't
have to choose?
What if we tell all three
suspects the same story?
We have a source
who's going to dead drop
the identity of the mole at
a specific time and location.
And whoever moves
to intercept--
Leads us to our mole.
Act like we're having
a friendly conversation.
Yeah. no. no.
not that friendly.
Just dial it back a bit.
ChannelVault's back door
wasn't hacked.
It was leaked.
By someone in the station.
So it's true.
we've been compromised.
The news isn't
all bad. though.
Omar gave us a name.
Someone who can
identify the mole.
This source has agreed
to give us ironclad proof.
When?
Tonight. 6:00 p.m..
Bryant Park.
The intel will be left
in a blue stroller.
Inside a red stroller.
Green stroller.
And you're coming
to me because...
You've been ahead of this
the whole time.
Counter Terror should have been
brought in sooner.
And I can trust you
to keep things quiet.
We'll have this traitor in
cuffs by the end of the night.
OK. 6:00.
Last stroller's in place.
Here we go.
There's no way
this mole is bold enough
to intercept
the drop themselves. right?
I don't know.
They're not the most
trusting bunch. traitors.
But even if they send a cutout.
whichever stroller they grab
will reveal our guy.
Or girl.
I got Ian tracking our
three phones of our suspects
as we speak.
Hey. we're doing
the right thing.
We're following the facts.
Ugh. maybe.
This job has a way
of making you pay for it.
Could be running late.
Or we could be barking up
the wrong tree.
Or they're not showing up
because we got made.
Text from Ian.
Nikki's still at the station.
Zeeb went home.
Kevin's on Queens Boulevard.
heading towards Forest Hills.
I thought he lived in Hoboken.
He's going to Sarah's.
Meet me there.
Bring backup!
Sarah.
Sarah?
Colin!
Sarah.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
OK. Sarah. I am gonna
get you out of this.
and I'm gonna
explain everything.
I already told her
a little bit. Colin.
You know. I almost fell
for your little sting.
You want to know the tell?
Goodman saying they should have
looped me in sooner.
pretending to respect me.
Is that why you did this.
Kevin.
because we never appreciated
your genius?
Yeah.
And the money.
And yet here you are
with a gun pointed
to an innocent woman's head.
It doesn't feel like
the moves of a man
who's got it all figured out.
It's the move
of a man who knows
he can't get out
of the country alone
because he's on a No Fly List.
So you're going to help me. OK?
And if you mess with me.
I'm just gonna shoot her
in the head.
- OK.
- You got it?
- I got it.
- You got me?
I got you. OK?
Calm. Just calm.
Sarah.
- Colin.
Sarah. I know
this is stressful.
but you know how to handle
these moments. yeah?
You take the deepest breath
you can.
You good?
Yeah.
Ambulance is on the way.
You don't get to die.
Sarah.
Sarah!
Sarah?
Hey.
You OK?
Did he--did he hurt you at all?
Sarah. please.
please say something.
Who are you?
I'm--I'm a case officer
with the CIA.
A spy?
Yeah.
The key card.
That was you.
My suspension. you--
You read bedtime stories
to my son.
- I am sorry.
- You fell asleep in his room.
Sarah. I'm so sorry.
Don't.
I was just an assignment.
Is that it?
And somewhere along the way.
things became real?
No.
No. that's not it.
It was always
just an operation.
There was never anything real.
Come on in.
Kevin's out of surgery.
and he's gonna make it.
- Good.
- Mm-hmm.
This was never about
just finding one person.
We need to figure out
who recruited Kevin.
who ran him at Pyramid.
and whether anyone else
was compromised.
You sound like a lawyer.
Thank you.
I don't think
that was a compliment.
No.
But you're right.
Kevin didn't work alone.
and we need to find out
how deep this goes.
So all this intel he was
feeding us about Ayn al Haram?
Fiction.
Just to keep us chasing ghosts
instead of him.
Smart.
Yeah. well. not smart enough.
You ran an off-book sting
operation on your colleagues.
including me.
It was my call.
Colin wanted to cross
your name off the list.
I signed off
on all three names.
Sorry.
I would have done the same.
You followed the intelligence.
no matter how far it led.
no matter how you felt
about it.
That's the job.
Just try to hold on
to that part of yourself
that didn't want my name
on the list.
That's worth keeping.
Yep?
Kevin's awake.
Make sure no one talks
to him before we do.
Yeah. they're on the way.
We were notified
the patient was awake.
He was. but the doctor
just adjusted his meds.
Said he needs some time
to rest again.
What doctor?
She was just here
about 20 minutes ago.
Didn't catch a name.
No. no. no. no.
Code blue. Code blue.
Excuse me. Check the rhythm.
Get the crash cart.
Where's the CCTV?
We need to see
security footage of 12 North.
Yes. sir.
There.
Go back.
Pause it.
What's that doctor's name?
That's not a doctor.
- What?
- Zoom in on the face.
That's Toni.
She's alive.